Defeat the Canopy Sword Sect
Everybody.
Which disciple is this?
How come I've never seen it before?
This is a disciple who has just entered winter
I heard the talent is good
But when the cultivation base enters winter, it is only the fourth grade.
Only four grades
The pile of fifth-grade senior brothers just now went up and said
Him
Isn't the cultivation base looking for abuse?
I can't bear to watch it anymore. It's over now
10 defeats
Our Freeland Sect's face is completely lost
Hahahaha
Just by you, Ye Wuyu
You still like to talk big
Little Tiger
Within ten strokes
I want to see this crap
Kneel on the ground and beg me for mercy
It's Masako, don't worry.
Humph
Boy, don't blame me for not giving you a chance
Now kneel down and shout grandpa three times
Save yourself the beating
It's you who should be beaten
What what what